the product is very nice, but the extra expenditure is to be kept in mind like frame for fitting the AC, the grill cutting core cutting for passing the wires and duct. etc. The installation fees is 1500 and the extra parts totalling the cost to above 5.2k which I feel is high... Apart from 5.2k installation, the AC is very nice cooling is nice. Please lower the installation & fitment cost.
Bought it for my Kerala home and thought Daikin is a know brand and I would like it. But, I was wrong. From day 1, the cooling of the AC is abominable. It starts slowly and reaches at around 90-97% compressor capacity and after a little time starts reducing its capacity and stays at 45-55% then after. Reported the issue to the company and they sent technician from some Giant Air System and they say that ambient temperature is high and that’s why it’s like that. I wonder that if 34 degrees ambient temperature is high for this AC, what would happen to people who buy it for Delhi or places like that? It’s been more than 25 days since I’ve registered the complaint and have called Giant Air Systems multiple times but till date they have not attended it.My suggestion would is people, don’t buy this brand. Their service is poor and you will regret your decision like I am right now.

This is my first AC. I'm very happy with this purchase. Cooling is good but it takes around 20 to 30 minutes to cool the room (120 sq.ft). Once the room is cool you don't have to do anything the AI (AC) mode takes care of the rest. Installation was ok but it was not so professional as it was from Jeeves and not from LG. Also there was no safety measures given or taken for the installation guys. They just hang in the 12th floor window outlet without even a rope which is very dangerous. Amazon has to take care of these safety measures for sure.
Good choice and AC effective and very silent only the challage the extra cost for installation.The energy saving is very good. High cooling mode works will and chill the room in 5-10 mints.
we already have the AC of this brand from last 17years. so again i trusted on the LG again and so the Lg till has that good ness in it. it is a so fantastic ac that it makes so much cooling at the temp of 24 degress. it has simple and good looks and the build quality is also good and the performance is still the incredible like my old one so i trusted the LG again and so i can suggest any one should go for this good product by LG
Great Ac I don’t know why people have given 1 rating to such a wonderful Product, AC was recieved in good condition brand new and installation was super easy we already have a panasonic AC so we already knew the installation guys it was smooth and they even didn’t charged for the outdoor stand drill charges all was done in in 1500 rupees AC works great with Alexa as well , cooling is great build is robust not as AC with less price overall it’s a great product go for it guys.
Good AC but the problem installation is not good very expensive
After 2 months of ussage, No Great value and lesser cooling than before, does not gives control to use as per requirements.
this is good
Why did you pick this product vs others?:Amazing Air Conditioner, Great cooling, Great Air through.I\u2019m  writing this review after using it for 3 weeks. This Ac chilled your room within few minutes and few minutes means 1 or 2. It got all your basic features and it has 4 way swings, so it covers every corner of your room. Auto convertible mode works brilliantly and when AC achieve your desired temperature so it will automatically go on power saving mode and save electricity while maintaining your desired temperature. New fancy are missing like wifi and app support but it will fulfilled your cooling requirements very smoothly.Performance:Excellent performance, excellent cooling.Features:Fast cooling, Great air through, energy efficient, 4 ways swing works perfectly.Customer image6 people found this helpfulHelpfulReport
Why did you pick this product vs others?:Amazing Air Conditioner, Great cooling, Great Air through.I\u2019m  writing this review after using it for 3 weeks. This Ac chilled your room within few minutes and few minutes means 1 or 2. It got all your basic features and it has 4 way swings, so it covers every corner of your room. Auto convertible mode works brilliantly and when AC achieve your desired temperature so it will automatically go on power saving mode and save electricity while maintaining your desired temperature. New fancy are missing like wifi and app support but it will fulfilled your cooling requirements very smoothly.Performance:Excellent performance, excellent cooling.Features:Fast cooling, Great air through, energy efficient, 4 ways swing works perfectly.Customer image6 people found this helpfulHelpfulReport
Why did you pick this product vs others?:Amazing Air Conditioner, Great cooling, Great Air through.I\u2019m  writing this review after using it for 3 weeks. This Ac chilled your room within few minutes and few minutes means 1 or 2. It got all your basic features and it has 4 way swings, so it covers every corner of your room. Auto convertible mode works brilliantly and when AC achieve your desired temperature so it will automatically go on power saving mode and save electricity while maintaining your desired temperature. New fancy are missing like wifi and app support but it will fulfilled your cooling requirements very smoothly.Performance:Excellent performance, excellent cooling.Features:Fast cooling, Great air through, energy efficient, 4 ways swing works perfectly.Customer image6 people found this helpfulHelpfulReport
I am very Happy with this AC, I bought 2 ACs and both are working very good.Also I got these at very good discount.Everything thing is very good but Installtion is expensive.
So far the product is working fine. There are some good features in this ac which can be used to minimise the electricity bill without any compromise with the effectiveness of cooling. The mobile app is also one of the good features which help you to switch on the AC while you are away from home so that you will get cooled room after returning home. One star I am deducting for the attitude of the installation team who did not clean the area which has to cleaned as per policy of the company. They refused to clean the area soiled by them while making hole for the pipes from indoor unit to outdoor unit. Company should properly guide the installation team for their attitude and behaviour.
While the product itself seems to be of good quality, my overall experience was significantly impacted by the poor installation service. The technicians assigned for the installation were not adequately equipped — essential tools such as a proper copper pipe bending tool and wall drill bit were missing. As a result, the copper piping was bent manually by hand, leading to visible deformities and subpar fitting quality.Additionally, the outdoor unit (OU) tends to become noticeably noisy when the AC is run in turbo mode, which further affects the user experience. Given the importance of both product performance and installation quality in such appliances, I find it difficult to recommend this AC.
its not very nice
this is nice
text
the ac worked good very nice recommended 9/10
i am satisfied with this ac
I've buyed Whirlpool air condition and it was defective item. Air condition was not cooling even Whirlpool didn't even borthered to come for check-up for product. Later amazon arrange to return and when a person came to picked, he say's we have uninstall the product and then only he will pickup the product. Upon calling amazon care, amazon is saying sir you have uninstall the ac. Now I've pay again for defective ac for uninstall of product. Why should I pay twice 1st of installation and secondly for uninstall of defective pics of this Whirlpool ac.
The AC is good. But the mouth of AC is not opening when we click ON the AC. We need to press swing button to open it. This problem start occuring after 2 days of use.Another thing is whirpool's customer service is very bad. They are very rude and delay the installation process. I have to install it from outside after calling whirpool's customer service for consecutive 3 days and still no one was coming for installation.
Ac working fine but product quality was not good, before installation check the ac properly and while installation for drilling extra 350 need to pay
very bad
not recommended
just a waste of time
bad experience
bad company
bad company and equally bad product
this was just a waste of time
i dont like this
my friend recommended this and this was so bad
will not recommend this to anyone to try
The product is good and it got delivered on the next day and immediately I got the call for the installation. On day 2 the installation happened. It was hassle free. I have purchased 2 AC’s and both are working fine as of now and the cooling is happening very well.

I am impressed with the service provided by Whirlpool and recommend to buy this product.
The product is good and it got delivered on the next day and immediately I got the call for the installation. On day 2 the installation happened. It was hassle free. I have purchased 2 AC’s and both are working fine as of now and the cooling is happening very well.

I am impressed with the service provided by Whirlpool and recommend to buy this product.
37498255
The AC is good. But the mouth of AC is not opening when we click ON the AC. We need to press swing button to open it. This problem start occuring after 2 days of use.Another thing is whirpool's customer service is very bad. They are very rude and delay the installation process. I have to install it from outside after calling whirpool's customer service for consecutive 3 days and still no one was coming for installation.
bad
